
--- Template ---

Correlation / Comparison of Mean / Comparison of Proportions

Project Title:
Research Question: 

Dependent/InDependent Variable: 
Dependent/InDependent Variable:

Null hypothesis (H0): 
Alternative hypothesis (H1):

--- 1 ---
Correlation

Project Title: Relationship between daily mean temperature and cloud cover in London (1979-2020)
Research Question: Is there a correlation between daily mean temperature and relative humidity in London?

Dependent Variable: mean_temp (Interval)
Independent Variable: cloud_cover (Interval)

Null hypothesis (H₀): There is no correlation between daily mean temperature and relative humidity in the London dataset.
Alternative hypothesis (H₁): There is a correlation between daily mean temperature and relative humidity in the London dataset.

--- 2 ---
Correlation

Project Title: An Analysis of the Correlation Between Sunshine Duration and Maximum Temperature in London (1979-2020)
Research Question: Is there a correlation between maximum temperature and sunshine duration in London?

Dependent Variable: max_temp (Interval)
InDependent Variable: sunshine (Interval)

Null hypothesis (H0): There is no correlation between maximum temperature and sunshine duration in London
Alternative hypothesis (H1): There is a correlation between maximum temperature and sunshine duration in London.

--- 3 ---
Comparison of Mean

Project Title: Seasonal differences in mean daily temperature in London (1979-2020)
Research Question: Is there a difference in mean daily temperature between seasons (e.g., Winter vs Summer) in London?

Dependent Variable: mean_temp (Interval)
InDependent Variable: date -> Season (Nominal)

Null hypothesis (H0): There is no difference in the mean daily temperature between the selected seasons
Alternative hypothesis (H1): There is a difference in the mean daily temperature between the selected seasons.

--- 4 ---
Comparison of Mean

Project Title: A Comparative Analysis of Mean Daily Temperatures Across Seasons in London (1979-2020)
Research Question: Is there a difference in the mean of mean daily temperature among the seasons in London?

Dependent Variable: mean_temp (Interval)
InDependent Variable: date -> Season (Nominal)

Null hypothesis (H0): There is no difference in the mean of mean daily temperature among the seasons in London.
Alternative hypothesis (H1): There is a difference in the mean of mean daily temperature among the seasons in London.

--- 5 ---
Comparison of Proportions

Project Title: Seasonal variation in the proportion of rainy days in London (1979-2020)
Research Question: Is the proportion of rainy days different between Autumn and Spring in London?

Dependent Variable: precipitation -> RainyDay (Nominal)
InDependent Variable: date -> Season (Nominal)

Null hypothesis (H0): There is no difference in the proportion of rainy days between Autumn and Spring.
Alternative hypothesis (H1): There is a difference in the proportion of rainy days between Autumn and Spring.

--- 6 ---
Comparison of Proportions

Project Title: A Proportional Analysis of Precipitation Days by Season in London (1979-2020)
Research Question: Is there a difference in the proportions of precipitation days among the seasons in London?

Dependent Variable: Day_With_Precipitation (Nominal)
InDependent Variable: date -> Season (Nominal)

Null hypothesis (H0): There is no difference in the proportions of precipitation days among the seasons in London.
Alternative hypothesis (H1): There is a difference in the proportions of precipitation days among the seasons in London.